all right we about to be changing brakes
on the 2002 Toyota Avalon go ahead start
out the first thing that you want to do
is pretty much push back your calipers
it's multiple ways you can do it you can
either do it by using a c-clamp when it
sets off the actual rotor or you can do
it like this by using a screwdriver and
sticking it in the hole behind the brake
pad pretty much and push the fluid back
up into the reservoir that's under your
hood okay we've got that push back now
to take the bottom line once I mean
after that after that what you want to
do is you want to take the bolts off of
the actual caliper you take off the
bottom hinge bottom hands the bottom
boat now no article happen yeah take off
this this is works for this vehicle some
vehicles you have to actually take off
both some bucks for the 2002 Toyota
Avalon you could take the bottom boat
off of it and just flip the caliper up
so I flipped up show them again it just
flips straight up like that and once you
flip it up there's your brake pads then
you basically just pop your brake pads
out both on the slide out like that and
then when you put your new brake pads on
and just one do the exact same thing you
just want to slide it right back in one
on each side pretty much make sure they
turn you know I'll start like that make
sure they turn like that I don't - boys
drop your caliper and sometimes on these
you put you some grease on your pins
yeah sometime you may wanna put grease
on a Moscow for Drive
drop your caliper back down put your
boat back in the bottom of the caliper
tighten it back up for the return you
have rounds on there yep
tighten it back up with your wrench
pretty much is it pretty much a done if
you do this correctly you should be able
to change your brakes both sides on the
Toyota Avalon a matter of maybe 10-15
minutes the longest part would be taking
your wheel off once again it is changing
the brakes on a 2002 Toyota Avalon just
that simple